Start adding instruction reference in the IR part. (#94)
val-lang/val-lang.github.io: src/content/docs/docs/reference/ir.mdx

Program execution starts by adding a thread to the abstract machine, which gets designated as the *main thread*. The register map and call stack of the main thread are initialized empty. The control stack is initialized by loading the entry block of the main function of the program's entry module.

## Instruction reference

An instruction is a basic unit of computation in Hylo IR that modifies the state of the executing machine. An instruction may accept zero or more arguments and return zero or one value. An instruction has an associated type corresponding to instruction's result.

> There are multiple categories of instructions:

Reviewer: Now that I think of it, there is another axis that may be worth mentioning. There are instructions that define a register (e.g., `access`) and those that do not (e.g., `store`). In NFE the latter return `.nothing`.

> There are multiple categories of instructions:

Author: Makes sense. I think that division is clearly visible from the actual description of each instruction. Some will contain a `Result` subsection, while others won't.

- Terminator instructions
- TODO

### Terminator instructions

An instruction is called a terminator instruction if it causes control flow to jump to another basic block or exit the current function.

#### `return` instruction

##### Syntax
```
return
```

##### Overview
Returns control flow to the caller.

This instruction is only about control flow. Return values are stored in the return registers before control flow leaves the function.

##### Well-formedness
- There must be no other instructions after a `return` instruction in a basic block.
- Every path through a function must terminate with a `return` or `unreachable` instruction.

##### Semantics

> When the `return` instruction is executed, the control flow returns back to the calling's function context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `return` instruction is executed, the control flow returns back to the caller.
```

##### See also
This is similar to [LLVM's `ret` instruction](https://llvm.org/docs/LangRef.html#ret-instruction), but it does not deal with the returned value. In Hylo IR, handling the return value happens prior to `return` instruction.

#### TODO
* `branch`
* `cond_branch`
* `switch`
* `union_switch`
* `unreachable`

### Memory access and addressing instructions

#### `alloca` instruction

##### Syntax
```
<result> = alloca <storage-type>, <alignment>
<result> = alloca <storage-type>, #align(of: <t>)
```

##### Overview
Allocates memory on the stack frame of the currently executing function; this memory is automatically released when the function returns to the caller.

##### Arguments
`storage-type` is a Hylo type and represents the storage type that needs to be allocated on the stack. It may be any type with a statically known size (including `{}`).

> `alignment` is an integer specifying the alignment in bytes.

Reviewer: I think that is false. In NFE the alignment is specified as a kind of macro `#alignof(T)` because the alignment requirements of a type are not known before the target is known (typically LLVM codegen).

If the size to be allocated is zero bytes, the returned address may not be unique. Otherwise, the address is unique across all other non-zero allocations in the function.

The memory is automatically released when the function returns to the caller.

##### See also
This is similar to [LLVM's `alloca` instruction](https://llvm.org/docs/LangRef.html#alloca-instruction), but it does not provide all the options.

#### `load` instruction

##### Syntax
```
<result> = load <source>
```

##### Overview
Loads a value from memory to register.

##### Arguments
`source` represents the memory address from which to load.

##### Result

The dereferenced value of `source`.

##### Well-formedness
- `source` needs to be an `access` instruction.
- The operation requires exclusive access to `source`.
- `source` must be initialized; after this instruction, `source` becomes uninitialized.
- The size of the value being loaded must be known at compile-time.

##### Semantics
The location of memory pointed to is loaded, and the resulting value is returned.

##### See also

> This is similar to [LLVM's `load` instruction](https://llvm.org/docs/LangRef.html#load-instruction), but it does not provide all the options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instruction is similar to [LLVM's `load`](https://llvm.org/docs/LangRef.html#load-instruction), but it does not provide all the options.
```
